SEO excerpts: About, AI, API (#3858)
timescale/docs: about/timescaledb-editions.md

---
title: Compare TimescaleDB editions

> excerpt: Learn the differences between TimescaleDB Community and TimescaleDB Apache 2 editions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: See the difference between the TimescaleDB Community and TimescaleDB Apache 2 editions
```
